not by physical conditions the truth is not
I know I love it and I would have loved it
I play football fan football
for me I always say that there are
sports and soccer is religion radio
it's a religion soccer sport but
after conditions I do not know if I had
so much courage for well lateral vittek or you
I pushed the good but nothing no no
I had conditions but I loved it
Argentine soccer
of first and the sports tn the one of the
of the unah follows is the volume obeys
yes but when they were Juan and Juan Pablo
that would change would it be out there more
permissive
that there is a rule that still benefits
more to attack the team that wants
attacking around would lower the score of
belt
and how it is kicked bats
would do it with a conversion and
I would still keep five points
centers would benefit the team that
want to attack
I have come out a lot in my life but never the
previous night of a match this is a
rule that
What do I have to do? I always think that
out of respect for oneself and respect for your
comrades before a match in our
league if two days before the day after and
I have repented many times of having
meaning of the day after the same day
after matches to my second home of
my childhood club the club me west
After many, I always say what
then I have played in different
teams and I always treat these
teams as he admitted as a year more
I do not try to treat in the same way
who plays for me newman clubs always